[OSDOCS#17050]: CQA 2.0 Multi-Architecture Compute Node Creation (#112721)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
You can create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal (`x86_64` or `aarch64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`). To do this,you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. Follow the installations procedures for your platform:

> * Installing on bare metal. You can then add 64-bit ARM compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on bare metal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Installing on bare metal with user-provisioned infrastructure. You can then add 64-bit ARM compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on bare metal.
```

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal (`x86_64` or `aarch64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`). To do this, you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. Follow the installations procedures for your platform:

Reviewer 2: One thing to keep in mind is that short descriptions can't be self referential (they can't say "the following procedure", "this procedure", etc). This last sentence feels like it kind of counts because it's introducing a list of (what used to be) links. I would simply put the last sentence in its own paragraph:

```suggestion
You can create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on bare metal (`x86_64` or `aarch64`), {ibm-power-name} (`ppc64le`), or {ibm-z-name} (`s390x`). To do this, you must have an existing single-architecture cluster on one of these platforms. 

See the following installation procedures for your platform:
```

(also suggested some other edits to make it more appropriately introduce the list)

> See the installations procedures for your platform:

Reviewer 2: I would reword this slightly, especially making sure to use "following" when introducing a list:

```suggestion
See the following installation procedures for your platform:
```

* Installing on {ibm-power-name}. You can then add `x86_64` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on {ibm-power-name}.

> * Installing on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}. You can then add `x86_64` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}.

Reviewer 2: This is a tough situation to fix because the grammar of the list was originally written with the links being embedded in the text. To ensure it still makes sense after removing the xrefs, and to hint to users to look for the links in the additional resources, I would rephrase it to something like the following:

```suggestion
* Bare-metal with user-provisioned infrastructure: See "Installing a user-provisioned cluster on bare metal". You can then add 64-bit ARM compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on bare metal.
* {ibm-power-name}: See "Installing on {ibm-power-name}". You can then add `x86_64` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on {ibm-power-name}.
* {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}: See "Installing on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}". You can then add `x86_64` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster on {ibm-z-name} and {ibm-linuxone-name}.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
The bare metal installer-provisioned infrastructure and the Bare Metal Operator do not support adding secondary architecture nodes during the initial cluster setup. You can add secondary architecture nodes manually only after the initial cluster setup.
====

> Before you can add additional compute nodes to your cluster, you must upgrade your cluster to one that uses the multi-architecture payload. For more information about migrating to the multi-architecture payload, see Additional resources section.

Reviewer 2: Just a reminder of the feedback to put back the names of the sections you're now linking to in additional resources sections, in every instance in this PR:

```suggestion
Before you can add additional compute nodes to your cluster, you must upgrade your cluster to one that uses the multi-architecture payload. For more information about migrating to the multi-architecture payload, see "Migrating to a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines".
```

The following procedures explain how to create a {op-system} compute machine by using an ISO image or network PXE booting. This allows you to add additional nodes to your cluster and deploy a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines.

[NOTE]
====
Before adding a secondary architecture node to your cluster, you must install the Multiarch Tuning Operator, and deploy a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object. For more information, see the Additional resources section.
====

//Creating {op-system} machines using an ISO image
include::modules/machine-user-infra-machines-iso.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Creating {op-system} machines by PXE or iPXE booting
include::modules/machine-user-infra-machines-pxe.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_machine-user-infra-machines-pxe"]
.Additional resources

* link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7212[How does one set up a serial terminal and/or console in Red Hat Enterprise Linux?]

> * link:https://ipxe.org/buildcfg/image_gzip[`IMAGE_GZIP` option in iPXE]

Reviewer 2: I know these links existed without this text before, but [per the guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#links-to-internal-content:~:text=When%20pointing%20to%20a%20link%20that%20exists%20external%20to%20Red%20Hat%E2%80%99s%20customer%20portal%20documentation), when we link out of the docs we should add a parenthetical with the name of the location:

```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7212[How does one set up a serial terminal and/or console in Red Hat Enterprise Linux? (Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase article]

* link:https://ipxe.org/buildcfg/image_gzip[`IMAGE_GZIP` option in iPXE (iPXE documentation)]
```

//Approving the certificate signing requests for your machines
include::modules/installation-approve-csrs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]

> [id="additional-resources_creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-bare-metal"]

Reviewer 2: When making additional resource section IDs, we can use the {context} attribute like we use in normal IDs throughout our docs:

```suggestion
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
```

> == Additional resources

Reviewer 2: I think you deleted the ID here by accident in response to my feedback. It needs to go back, but I would just make sure it uses a context attribute per my original comment:

```suggestion
[id="additional-resources_{context}]"
== Additional resources
```
